Title: "To Kill a Mockingbird"
Author: Harper Lee
Publication Date: 1960
Number of Pages: Approximately 281
Main characters: Scout Finch
Synopsis: This classic novel explores issues of racial injustice and moral growth in the American South during the 1930s. It follows the story of Scout Finch, a young girl, and her father, Atticus Finch, a lawyer defending an innocent Black man accused of raping a white woman.

Title: "The Great Gatsby"
Author: F. Scott Fitzgerald
Publication Date: 1925
Number of Pages: Approximately 180
Main characters: Jay Gatsby
Synopsis: Set in the Roaring Twenties, this novel tells the story of Jay Gatsby's extravagant parties and his love for Daisy Buchanan, a married woman. It's narrated by Nick Carraway, who becomes involved in their lives.

Title: "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" (Book 1 of the Harry Potter series)
Author: J.K. Rowling
Publication Date: 1997
Number of Pages: Approximately 309
Main characters: Harry Potter
Synopsis: This fantasy novel introduces Harry Potter, an orphaned boy who discovers he is a wizard. He attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and learns about his connection to the dark wizard Voldemort.

Title: "The Hobbit"
Author: J.R.R. Tolkien
Publication Date: 1937
Number of Pages: Approximately 310
Main characters: Bilbo Baggins
Synopsis: Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit, is thrust into an epic adventure when he joins a group of dwarves on a quest to reclaim their homeland from the dragon Smaug. Along the way, they encounter magical creatures and dangers.

Title: "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" (Book 2 of the Harry Potter series)
Author: J.K. Rowling
Publication Date: 1998
Number of Pages: Approximately 341
Main characters: Harry Potter
Synopsis: In the second installment, Harry returns to Hogwarts for his second year and discovers that the Chamber of Secrets has been opened, unleashing a dangerous monster. Harry and his friends must uncover the mystery and save the school from harm.

Title: "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" (Book 3 of the Harry Potter series)
Author: J.K. Rowling
Publication Date: 1999
Number of Pages: Approximately 435
Main characters: Harry Potter
Synopsis: Harry's third year at Hogwarts takes an unexpected turn when he learns that Sirius Black, a dangerous criminal, has escaped from Azkaban prison and is believed to be coming after him. The story delves into Harry's past and introduces the enigmatic Marauder's Map.

Title: "Pride and Prejudice"
Author: Jane Austen
Publication Date: 1813
Number of Pages: Approximately 279
Main characters: Elizabeth Bennet
Synopsis: This classic novel revolves around the courtship and romantic entanglements of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. It explores themes of class, reputation, and love in 19th-century England.